
> *For example:* We use cookies to keep you logged in as you navigate between Facebook Pages. Cookies also help us remember your browser so you don't have to keep logging in to Facebook and so you can more easily log in to Facebook via third-party apps and websites. For example, we use the "c_user" and "xs" cookies for this purpose, with a lifespan of 365 days. 

> *For example:* Cookies can help us identify and impose additional security measures when someone may be attempting to access a Facebook account without authorisation, for instance, by rapidly guessing different passwords. We also use cookies to store information that allows us to recover your account in the event that you forget your password or to require additional authentication if you tell us that your account has been hacked. This includes, for example, our "sb" and "dbln" cookies, which enable us to identify your browser securely.

> *For example:* Cookies help us fight spam and phishing attacks by enabling us to identify computers that are used to create large numbers of fake Facebook accounts. We also use cookies to detect computers infected with malware and to take steps to prevent them from causing further harm. Our "csrf" cookie, for example, helps us prevent cross-site request forgery attacks. Cookies also help us prevent underage people from registering for Facebook accounts.

> *For example:* Cookies allow us to help deliver ads to people who have previously visited a business's website, purchased its products or used its apps and to recommend products and services based on that activity. Cookies also allow us to limit the number of times that you see an ad so you don't see the same ad over and over again. For example, the "fr" cookie is used to deliver, measure and improve the relevancy of ads, with a lifespan of 90 days. 

> *For example:* We use cookies to count the number of times that an ad is shown and to calculate the cost of those ads. We also use cookies to measure how often people do things, such as make a purchase following an ad impression. The "_fbp" cookie identifies browsers for the purposes of providing advertising and site analytics services and has a lifespan of 90 days. .

> *For example:* We can use cookies to prevent you from seeing the same ad over and over again across the different devices that you use.

> *For example:* We use cookies to help businesses understand the kinds of people who like their Facebook Page or use their apps so that they can provide more relevant content and develop features that are likely to be interesting to their customers.

> *For example:* Cookies help us store preferences, know when you've seen or interacted with Facebook Products' content and provide you with customised content and experiences. For instance, cookies allow us to make suggestions to you and others, and to customise content on third-party sites that integrate our social plugins. If you are a Page administrator, cookies allow you to switch between posting from your personal Facebook account and the Page. We use cookies such as the session-based "presence" cookie to support your use of Messenger chat windows.

> *For example:* We store information in a cookie that is placed on your browser or device so that you will see the site in your preferred language.

> *For example:* Cookies help us route traffic between servers and understand how quickly Facebook Products load for different people. Cookies also help us record the ratio and dimensions of your screen and windows and know whether you've enabled high-contrast mode, so that we can render our sites and apps correctly. For example, we set the "dpr" and "wd" cookies, each with a lifespan of 7 days, to deliver an optimal experience for your device's screen. 

> *For example:* Cookies can help us understand how people use the Facebook service, analyse which parts of the Facebook Products people find most useful and engaging, and identify features that could be improved.
- The [Facebook Products](https://www.facebook.com/help/1561485474074139?ref=cookies);- Products provided by other members of the [Facebook Companies](https://www.facebook.com/help/111814505650678?ref=cookies); and- Websites and apps provided by other companies that use the Facebook Products, including companies that incorporate the Facebook Technologies into their websites and apps. Facebook uses cookies and receives information when you visit those sites and apps, including [device information](#) and information about your activity, without any further action from you. This occurs whether or not you have a Facebook account or are logged in.- You can use your [ad preferences](https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/edit/) to learn why you're seeing a particular ad and control how we use information that we collect to show you ads.- To show you better ads, we use data that advertisers and other partners provide us about your activity off Facebook Company Products, including websites and apps. You can control whether we use this data to show you ads in your [ad settings](https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings).- The Facebook Audience Network is a way for advertisers to show you ads in apps and websites off the [Facebook Company Products](#). One of the ways that Audience Network shows relevant ads is by using your ad preferences to determine which ads you may be interested in seeing. You can control this in your [ad settings.](https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings)-  You can review your Off-Facebook activity, which is a summary of activity that businesses and organisations share with us about your interactions with them, such as visiting their apps or websites. They use our [business tools](https://www.facebook.com/help/2230503797265156?helpref=faq_content), such as Facebook pixel, to share this information with us. This helps us do things like give you a more personalised experience on Facebook. Learn more [about off-Facebook activity](https://www.facebook.com/help/2207256696182627?helpref=faq_content), how we use it and how you can manage it.- [Digital Advertising Alliance]()- [Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada]()- [European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance]()- [Google Chrome]()- [Internet Explorer]()- [Firefox]()- [Safari]()- [Safari Mobile]()- [Opera]()